README.md, before:

## Usage instructions

### dependencies
System packages (Fedora): `R`
R packages: `Rcpp dplyr RColorBrewer ggplot2 tidyr gridExtra stringr`

For the moment, copy Q1_binary.rds into /simulations (or add it to the repo if it's allowed to be here).

fits_xyz runs the simulation, arguments are:

`n p SNR num_bi num_bij perc_viol regression_alpha`

e.g. `./fits_xyz.R 1000 100 10 0 20 0 0.9`

Results will be saved to /fits_proper, to be read by the graph generating code.
No warning is given on incorrect usage, and unwanted results will be saved to fits_proper, so be sure to remove these if they don't look right.
This currently rebuilds core.cpp on every run. To avoid this you will probably need to install the local copy of xyz, and replace `sourceCPP('xyz/core.cpp')` with `library(xyz)`

To generate graphs, run `./PrecRecF1.R $regression_alpha`. Previous simulations will be read from results_proper, and graphs will be saved in /PrecRecF1. To allow experimentation with different values of regression_alpha, only results with the chosen value will be read.

Commit message:

update simulation/README to vaguely reflect current usage

README.md, after:

### dependencies
System packages (Fedora): `R`
R packages: `Rcpp dplyr RColorBrewer ggplot2 tidyr gridExtra stringr`

For the moment, copy Q1_binary.rds into /simulations (or add it to the repo if it's allowed to be here).

### Usage
`./generate_data.sh $multiplier $count`

Will generate a $count sets of data to be graphed, with sizes (n,p, etc.) scaled by $multiplier. Graph scripts assume the multiplier is either 10 or 1. Output is stored in ./simulated_data.

`./generate_lethal_data.sh $multiplier $count`

Will do the same, but will generate data with lethal pairs. For the moment this is only used in one graph. Output is stored in ./simulated_data.

`./fit_all_1204.sh $threads`

Will check whether each generated dataset has already been (fitted/checked?) by xyz, and, if it hasn't, do so now. This will be done on `$threads` separate threads (2 by default).

`./generate_graphs.sh [large/small/store]`

Will (re)create every graph. 'large' will use n=10,000, p=1,000. 'small' will use n=1,000, p=100. 'store' will move every graph currently present into a subdirectory "pdfs_`date +%s`" (e.g. pdfs_1548386299). To find out when such a directory was made (in a more readable fashion), use `date --date=@1548386299` (adjusting the date as required).
